Update aqua.d/conf.yaml example in README for SaaS and On-Prem compatibility (#2564)
DataDog/integrations-extras: aqua/README.md

   ```yaml
   instances:
     - url: https://api.cloudsploit.com
       auth_method: saas
       api_key: <AQUA_API_KEY>
       api_secret: <AQUA_API_SECRET>
       tags:
         - environment:production
   
     - url: http://your-aqua-instance.com
       auth_method: onprem
       api_user: <AQUA_USERNAME>
       password: <AQUA_PASSWORD>
       tags:
         - environment:test
   ```

>    For SaaS, change the `api_key` and `api_secret` parameter values and configure them for your environment.
>    For On-Prem, change the `api_user` and `password` parameter values and configure them for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For `auth_method: saas`, configure the `api_key` and `api_secret` parameter values for your environment.
   For `auth_method: onprem`, configure the `api_user` and `password` parameter values for your environment.
```
